{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Thanks for purchasing the Rocks Package!\
\
Each rock comes in two LOD (Level of detail) variations. \
The "LOD0" versions have the higher polycount. It looks better, but it takes a bit more to compute these meshes, especially if you have a lot of them. These are still quite low-poly and good to handle for older machines, or mobile devices, if there are not too many of these.\
\
The "LOD1" versions have around half of the polygons, as the "LOD0" versions. These can be used if you target weaker mobile devices, or if you need a lot of them. It works also well with Unity's LOD system, if you look at these from a far distance. \
\
All meshes share the same texture atlas, to keep the draw calls low and thus ensure a good performance. The original texture map size is 4096x4096px. You can increase, or decrease the size in Unity in the texture inspector for each device. \
For really crisp and fine details, the 4096x4096px is the best option. But keep in mind it is quite big in file size and usually not supported by mobile devices. But even at 1024x1024px, you get good details. 2048x2048px is a good balance for resolution and file size and supported by most recent mobile devices.\
\
If you wish to change  the diffuse map, such as color, details, contrast etc. you can alter the PSD file, that ships with this package. All layers are named for easy understanding.\
\
If you have any further questions, please get in touch at mail@juicyvitamin.net}